---
layout: page
title: Legal Notice
---

## Legal Notice

According to § 5 TMG

Blueshoe GmbH

Lindwurmstraße 80

80337 Munich

### Represented by

Hannes Hanusch

Michael Schilonka

Robert Stein

### Contact

Phone: 0049 89 954594 230

E-Mail: [hurricane@blueshoe.de](mailto:hurricane@blueshoe.de)

Web:  [https://django-hurricane.io/](https://django-hurricane.io/)

###   Register entry

Registration in the commercial register

Register number: HRB 215552

Register court: Munich

###   Disclaimer of liability

####   Liability for content

The contents of our pages were created with great care. However, we cannot assume any liability for the correctness, completeness and topicality of the content. As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with general law in accordance with Section 7 (1) of the German Telemedia Act. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, as a service provider, we are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the point in time at which we become aware of a specific legal violation. As soon as we become aware of such legal violations, we will remove this content immediately.

####   Liability for links

Our offer contains links to external third-party websites over whose content we have no influence. Therefore, we cannot accept any liability for this third-party content. The respective provider or operator of the pages is always responsible for the content of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time they were linked. No illegal content was found at the time the link was created. A permanent control of the content of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of a violation of the law. As soon as we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately.

####   Copyright

The content and works on these pages created or used by the website operator are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of exploitation outside the limits of copyright law require the consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this website are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. Insofar as the content on this site was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are observed. In particular, contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, we would ask you to notify us accordingly. If we become aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that enable your use of the website to be analyzed. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address will only be sent to a Google server in the USA and shortened there in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by clicking on the following link ([https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en)) to download and install the available browser plug-in.

This website also uses the Google Analytics reports on demographic characteristics, in which data from Google's interest-based advertising and visitor data from third-party providers (e.g. age, gender and interests) are used. These data cannot be traced back to a specific person and can be deactivated at any time via the ad settings.

You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting data by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set which prevents the future collection of your data when you visit this website:  [Deactivate Google Analytics](http://unikube.io/%E2%80%9Djavascript:gaOptout()%E2%80%9D).
